README.md, before:

# Hellow and welcome on my GitHub profile 👋

## Mettre un header ?

<!--
**nathalie-anneessens/nathalie-anneessens** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
- <code><img height="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/0e565980d0a51fe7736bb090fb394659febfbe58/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg"></code>
- check this [Article en anglais pour faire une meilleure page](https://towardsdatascience.com/build-a-stunning-readme-for-your-github-profile-9b80434fe5d7) 
-->
### 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- [WordPress Theme from scratch 101](https://github.com/nathalie-anneessens/WordPress-theme-creation-101)
<!-- - [JS Snake](https://github.com/nathalie-anneessens/js-snake)
- [JS RPG](https://github.com/nathalie-anneessens/js-rpg)
- [Vue.JS 101](https://github.com/nathalie-anneessens/Vue.js-101) -->


### :books: I've learn...
- HTML
- CSS
- Bootstrap
- PHP
- MySQL
### :open_book: I’m currently learning ...
- Javascript
- Vue JS
- Creating WordPress Theme from Scratch

### :books: I also can do some stuff with...
- Adobe et trouver un moyen de mettre ces stupides icones en couleurs ! 

### 👯 I’m looking for ...
- An Internship ???

### 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- MVC
- OOP

### 💬 Ask me about ...
- No idea, I masterize nothing... 

### 📫 How to reach me: ...
- [By e-mail](mailto:nathalie.anneessens@gmail.com)
- [By linkedIn to update tonight or tommorow](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nathalieanneessens/)

### 😄 Pronouns: ...
- She/her

### ⚡ Three fun facts: ...
- I like crowdsurfing and pogo on metal music :metal:
- I like animals and find spiders cute :spider:
- I dislike melted cheese, babies/children shrieks and horror movies :-1:   



<!-- ### :open_book: Je sais aussi utiliser: 
<code><img height="32" width="32" src="https://unpkg.com/simple-icons@v5/icons/adobephotoshop.svg"></code> 
<code><img height="32" width="32" src="https://unpkg.com/simple-icons@v5/icons/adobeindesign.svg"></code>
<code><img height="32" width="32" src="https://unpkg.com/simple-icons@v5/icons/adobeillustrator.svg"></code> 
<code><img height="32" width="32" src="https://unpkg.com/simple-icons@v5/icons/adobelightroom.svg"></code> 
<code><img height="32" width="32" src="https://unpkg.com/simple-icons@v5/icons/adobeaftereffects.svg"></code> -->

Commit message:

Trying anuraghazra stuffs for stats

README.md, after:

![Header temporaire](https://placekitten.com/g/1200/500)
# Hellow and welcome on my GitHub profile 👋

My name is Nath(alie) and i am a junior front-end developer, living in Brussels and studying at [BeCode](https://becode.org/learn/junior-web-developer/) and looking for a two-months internship *(not in remote pleeeaaaaaase :prey:)* for august and september 2021 ! 


## 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- [WordPress Theme from scratch 101](https://github.com/nathalie-anneessens/WordPress-theme-creation-101)
<!-- - [JS Snake](https://github.com/nathalie-anneessens/js-snake)
- [JS RPG](https://github.com/nathalie-anneessens/js-rpg)
- [Vue.JS 101](https://github.com/nathalie-anneessens/Vue.js-101) -->

## :eyes: Some stats
[![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=nathalie-anneessens&show_icons=true&count_private=true&theme=midnight-purple)](https://github.com/nathalie-anneessens/github-readme-stats)  
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=nathalie-anneessens&layout=compact&count_private=true&theme=midnight-purple)](https://github.com/nathalie-anneessens/github-readme-stats)


<!-- Ressources : 
- https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats>
<!--
**nathalie-anneessens/nathalie-anneessens** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
- <code><img height="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/0e565980d0a51fe7736bb090fb394659febfbe58/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg"></code>
- check this [Article en anglais pour faire une meilleure page](https://towardsdatascience.com/build-a-stunning-readme-for-your-github-profile-9b80434fe5d7) 
-->
#


### :books: I've learn...
- HTML
- CSS
- Bootstrap
- PHP
- MySQL
### :open_book: I’m currently learning ...
- Javascript
- Vue JS
- Creating WordPress Theme from Scratch

### :books: I also can do some stuff with...
- Adobe et trouver un moyen de mettre ces stupides icones en couleurs ! 

### 👯 I’m looking for ...
- An Internship ???

### 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- MVC
- OOP

### 💬 Ask me about ...
- No idea, I masterize nothing... 

### 📫 How to reach me: ...
- [By e-mail](mailto:nathalie.anneessens@gmail.com)
- [By linkedIn to update tonight or tommorow](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nathalieanneessens/)

### 😄 Pronouns: ...
- She/her

### ⚡ Three fun facts: ...
- I like crowdsurfing and pogo on metal music :metal:
- I like animals and find spiders cute :spider:
- I dislike melted cheese, babies/children shrieks and horror movies :-1:
